v1.51 Mobile Changelog (#5502)
mattermost/docs: source/deploy/mobile-app-changelog.md

# Mattermost mobile apps changelog

Latest Mattermost Mobile Apps releases:
- [1.51.0 Release](#release)
- [1.50.1 Release](#id1)
- [1.50.0 Release](#id5)
- [1.49.1 Release](#id11)
- [1.49.0 Release](#id14)
- [1.48.2 Release](#id20)

## 1.51.0 Release
- Release Date: April 16, 2022
- Server Versions Supported: Server v6.3.0+ is required. Self-Signed SSL Certificates are not supported unless the user installs the CA certificate on their device.

### Compatibility

>  - **Upgrade to server version v6.3.0 or later is required.** Support for server [Extended Support Release](https://docs.mattermost.com/upgrade/extended-support-release.html) (ESR) 5.37 has ended and upgrading to server ESR v6.3.0 or later is required. As we innovate and offer newer versions of our mobile apps, we maintain backwards compatibility only with supported server versions. Users who upgrade to the newest mobile apps while being connected to an unsupported server version can be exposed to compatibility issues, which can cause crashes or severe bugs that break core functionality of the app.

Reviewer: this is only in the release notes but not enforced, right ?

Author: That's correct.

Reviewer 2: @enahum Is it guaranteed that there are crashes here? A server I'm maintaining is currently behind ESR at 5.38

 - Android operating system 7+ [is required by Google](https://android-developers.googleblog.com/2017/12/improving-app-security-and-performance.html).	
 - iPhone 5s devices and later with iOS 12.1+ is required.

### Breaking Changes

>  - Apps calls are now separated between submit, form, refresh and lookup calls.

Reviewer: @catalintomai is this ok?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - The Apps Framework protocol for binding/form submissions has changed, by separating the single `call` into separate `submit`, `form`, `refresh` and `lookup` calls.
```

I think this wording works well. It's unfortunate that there is terminology overlap with the Calls feature.

### Improvements
 - Users are now taken directly to the SSO login if only one SSO login method is enabled.

>  - Calls are now enabled on mobile if the server has Calls enabled.

Author: Do we want to mention Calls already in the changelog, or do we remove the Calls items for now?

Reviewer: @itao ☝️

Reviewer 3: I checked -- we're okay to release Calls-related changelog entries.

 - For Calls, added "raise hand" functionality and a screensharing icon.
 - Added a speakerphone button to the Calls interface.
 - Added support for link highlighting for capitalized link schemes, such as ``Https://`` instead of ``https://``.
 - Changed the search bar in manual timezone selection view to be consistent with the rest of the app.
 - The mobile app no longer attempts to fetch thread bindings when the ``AppsEnabled`` feature flag is ``false``.
 - The mobile app will now only fetch App bindings if the Apps plugin is enabled.
 - Added support for allowing 1-character channel names.

### Bug Fixes

#### All apps
 - Fixed an issue with Calls banner locations for earlier iPhone models.
 - Fixed an issue where users were not able to scroll down to view custom themes.
 - Fixed a bug that resulted in dropping the Call state when switching to another app and returning.

### Known Issues
 - Channel sidebar disappears sometimes when the channel categories are not fetched from the server.
 - Posts sometimes get stuck behind the post textbox on iPad.
 - Various known issues with Collapsed Reply Threads (Beta) feature:

>    - New messages banner should only count root posts.

Reviewer 4: Wasn't this fixed? https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-37598

>    - Threads item unread state (bolding) does not persist when deleting documents and data.

Reviewer 4: This one was closed: https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-37794
